description: A cat(1) clone with wings.
description: Automatically generates Rust FFI bindings to C and C++ libraries.
description: A customizable cross-platform graphical process/system monitor for the terminal. Supports Linux, macOS, and Windows.
description: Bulk rename files with your text editor, like ranger and qmv
description: A new file manager
description: Rust binary package installer for CI integration
description: Create a command line interface binary with some common dependencies ((clap || docopt) and error_chain)
description: Cargo commands for modifying a `Cargo.toml` file..
description: Wrapper around rustc -Zunpretty=expanded. Shows the result of macro expansion and #[derive] expansion.
description: A `cargo` subcommand for fuzzing with `libFuzzer`! Easy to use!
description: Detects usage of unsafe Rust in a Rust crate and its dependencies.
description: cargo, make me a project
description: A Cargo subcommand to ease navigation to the crates.io, documentation, home, and
description: Rust task runner and build tool.
description: A cargo plugin for showing a tree-like overview of a crate's modules.
description: Prints package metadata like pip show, apt-cache show, npm view, gem query, etc.
description: cargo-ssearch: cargo search on steroids
description: Strip Rust binaries created with cargo
description: Prints various binary symbols in your crate
description: A Cargo subcommand that visualizes a crate's dependency graph in a tree-like format
description: A cargo subcommand for checking and applying updates to installed executables
description: A tool for generating C bindings to Rust code.
description: Sexy ANSI fonts for the console
description: Changelog generator
description: CommonMark to html converter.
description: CLI-App: COmpare, COpy & MOve directories and files.
description: A utility to generate color schemes for alacritty
description: A 100% CommonMark-compatible GitHub Flavored Markdown parser and formatter
description: Rapidly scaffold out a new tauri app project.
description: Render a Markdown book in HTML, PDF or Epub
description: Verify a file against a provided digest/hash/checksum.
description: A tool to conveniently learn about the disk usage of directories, fast!
description: Command line tool to analyze disk usage
description: A modern replacement for ls
description: fd is a simple, fast and user-friendly alternative to find.
description: ff is a simple and fast utility for finding files on Unix commandline. It also supports complex filters like GNU find.
description: an efficient Awk-like language
description: A syntax-highlighting pager for git
description: An utility for hidden file/directory
description: Command-line interface for email management.
description: Yet another HTTPie clone
description:     A httpbin reimplementation in rust. Works as a library and as a standalone
description: Filter out duplicates on the command line. Replacement for `sort | uniq` optimized for speed (10x faster).
description: Get colors from an image. Optionally sort by most common.
description: Inline images, CSS, JavaScript and more into a single HTML web page. Quite fast.
description: A minimalist, encrypted journaling tool
description: Terminal file manager inspired by ranger
description: Blaaaazingly fast âš¡ CLI alternative for Obsidian.
description: ðŸ¤– Just a command runner
description: A tridirectional converter between Json, Yaml, and Toml
description: A small binary for converting KDL to XML
description: A utility to sync local authorized_keys file updated with your with Github, Gitlab, and Launchpad public keys
description: Linux kernel manager and activity monitor
description: A jq-like cli tool that can query and transform kdl right in the command line
description: Manage LLVM/Clang builds
description: Rust CLI tool for searching through codebase files quickly
description: A tool to download and embed lyrics from multiple sources 
description: A system information fetcher, with an (unhealthy) emphasis on performance.
description: Tool for finding issues in CommonMark documents
description: A CLI task runner defined by a simple markdown file
description: cat for markdown: Show markdown documents in terminals
description: A simple program to generate a markdown table for the user
description: terminal mail client
description: An emoji fuzzy finder cli written in rust ðŸ¦€âœ¨
description: A multiplatform Rust clone of cmatrix
description: A driver of multiple linters
description: ðŸ§µ A command line memory usage information tool.
description: A program to find and interact with a Neovim instance running in a
description: A command-line utility for easily compressing and decompressing files and directories.
description: A command-line tool to generate, analyze, convert and manipulate colors
description: A commandline-utility to interactively build complex shell pipelines
description: A command line podcast manager
description: A modern replacement for ps
description: A parallel universal-ctags wrapper for git repository
description: Basic interface to PipeWire volume controls
description: xargs + awk with pattern matching support.
description: Constant-frequency recursive CLI web scraper with frequency, filtering, file directory, and many other options for scraping HTML, images and other files.
description: Embedded scripting for Rust
description: ripgrep is a line-oriented search tool that recursively searches the current
description: A simple touch rip off that can add custom text in the begining.
description: rip: a safe and ergonomic alternative to rm
description: rsdate connects to an ntp server, printing the returned time and/or sets the system clock.
description: Secure jailed AUR helper for Arch Linux
description: A tool to generate hashes from the command line.
description: Create ctags/etags for a cargo project and all of its dependencies
description: Minimalist rsync clone in Rust
description: Sccache is a ccache-like tool. It is used as a compiler wrapper and avoids compilation when possible, storing a cache in a remote storage using the S3 API.
description: An intuitive find & replace CLI
description: A thin command line interface over the semver crate
description: An organizing tool for terminal lovers who hate organizing
description: Fuzzy Finder in rust!
description: An open-source Shazam client for Linux, written in Rust.
description: A simple Spotify CLI primarily made for monitoring what songs you're listening to and displaying that in your bar of choice like waybar or polybar.
description: A command driven spotify player
description: A code formatter for Lua
description: svgcleaner could help you to clean up your SVG files from the unnecessary data.
description: Simple Alt-Tab daemon for SwayWM. Switches back to previous focused window on SIGUSR1
description: swaycons adds nerd font icons to sway window titles
description: swaysome provides a different way to manage your multiple outputs with the sway windows manager
description: Workspaces with the swayest style! This program will dynamically rename your workspaces to indicate which programs are running in each workspace. It uses the Sway IPC. In the absence of a config file, one will be generated automatically.See ${XDG_CONFIG_HOME}/workstyle/config.yml for  details.
description: A more powerful alternative to sysctl
description: A terminal user interface for managing kernel parameters
description: A CLI for Taplo TOML toolkit
description: Fetch and show tldr help pages for many CLI commands. Full featured offline client with caching support.
description: Terminal file explorer
description: Terminal Music Player written in Rust. Can download music from youtube(netease/migu/kugou) and then embed lyrics and album photos into mp3/m4a/flac/wav/ogg vorbis files.
description: Creates a png image from text. Useful to protect sensitive information from bots and scrapers, such as email addresses and telephone numbers in web pages, and even passwords sent via email
description: Command-line tool to find build artifacts and thing occupying space on your computer. Shatters records not glass.
description: Digital clock for the terminal
description: Tokay is a programming language designed for ad-hoc parsing, inspired by awk.
description: Count your code, quickly.
description: ðŸ… A command-line tool to get and set values in toml files while preserving comments and formatting.
description: A simple CLI for editing and querying TOML files.
description: jq, but from TOML
description: Upgrade all the things
description: trashy is a simple, fast, and featureful alternative to rm and trash-cli.
description: tree-rs is a cross platform reimplementation of the linux *tree* command.
description: one CLI to format the code tree
description: Build, bundle & ship your Rust WASM application to the web.
description: When cut doesn't cut it
description: A terminal feed reader with a fancy ui
description: Install and manage dev tools with multiple environments
description: View images right from the terminal.
description: ðŸ“¦âœ¨ your favorite rust -> wasm workflow tool!
description: A simple and easy to use Wikipedia Text User Interface
description: Weather companion for the terminal
description: XCompress is a free file archiver utility on Linux, providing multi-format archiving to and extracting from ZIP, Z, GZIP, BZIP2, LZ, XZ, LZMA, 7ZIP, TAR, RAR and ZSTD.
description: Friendly and fast tool for sending HTTP requests
description: A hackable, minimal, fast TUI file explorer
description: A high performance CSV command line toolkit.
description: yet another youtube (and more) down loader
description: minimalistic menu for wayland
description: An aesthetically pleasing YouTube TUI written in Rust
description: yquery is a yaml-query command-line utility based on the idea of jquery
description: A terminal workspace with batteries included
description: A smarter cd command for your terminal
